
> [!NOTE] 
> Hi Andy,
> Just to let you know we won’t be meeting tomorrow — the neural net isn’t yielding much at the moment.
Karim has gone home, and in the meantime, we’re generating 10B H → gg events. We’re managing them with a DAG manager (a pseudo-job that survives the 24-hour mark), so we won’t be clogging the cluster ever again hopefully

> We also found a way to access the cluster remotely: I've set up a persistent `tmux` session on the cluster that runs a `bash` loop every 60 seconds. It fetches a small script from a remote GitHub Gist using `curl` and executes its contents for lightweight remote control.
Christoph set up the UFO with a large partial width for H → gg, which works really well for us. The issue is that the gluons then need to split into quarks (for maximal spin correlation studies), and the hit rate for that kind of branching is extremely low — hence the need for 10B events. Most gluon splittings are g --> gg. 
I reckon this is working hard, not smart, but we’re cautious about messing with the gluon settings. Until we figure that out, this is the best we can do. I will also send the Report Outline ASAP. 
Sincerely,  
Ana Bercaru


> [!CAUTION] 
> This might not be a fantastic situation from the perspective of cluster security (i.e. automatic execution of a script that in principle could be modified to do something very bad). I’ll pass this onto Robert Frank and Conor Fitzpatrick for them to decide on.

We'll stick to more conventional approaches then.
